Live the whole trip of the holly! Fa la la la la la la la la la
Tis' the season to be jolly! Fa la la la la la la la la
Dawn we now are gay, a feral! Fa la la la la la la la la
Trolls the ancient yule-tide carol! Fa la la la la la la la la
See the blazing yule before us! Fa la la la la la la la la
Strike the harp and join the chorus! Fa la la la la la la la
Follow me in merry measure! Fa la la la la la la la
While I tell of you, my treasure! Fa la la la la la la la
Fast away the old year passes! Fa la la la la la la la la
Hail the new year, lads and lasses! Fa la la la la la la la la
Sing we joyous all together! Fa la la la la la la la la
Heedless of the wind and weather! Fa la la la la la la la la
Silent night! Holy night!
All is calm! All is bright!
Round yon Virgin, Mother and Child
Holy infant so tender and mild
Sleep in heavenly peace! Sleep in heavenly peace!
Silent night! Holy night!
Shepherds quake at the sight!
Glories stream from heaven afar!
Heavenly hosts sing Alleluia!
Christ the Saviour is born! Christ the Saviour is born!